Every industry is looking for smart solutions to real world problems using data science,
which is why Udacity collaborated with
top companies to create the Data Scientist Nanodegree Program.
Data science is usually important to IBM.
These are the skills that we need now.
To me, the most exciting collaboration is between
people who have deep experience and deep intuition about an industry,
and then being able to enrich that intuition with data.
I think that is really where you hit
the sweet spot for the best kind of business decision-making.
The biggest thing that I'm trying to achieve every day,
is to make sure that the technologies we use in data science are available to everybody.
In this program, you'll build a portfolio of projects,
focused on real challenges crafted with industry input.
I'm really excited that the project that Udacity and
Figure8 are doing together is focused on disaster response.
That's going to help us have a positive impact
in the world as we respond to future disasters.
This portfolio can get you connected to valuable new job opportunities.
It is a wonderful opportunity,
because the people like are and just enjoy the learning,
want to sort of level off,
and then also have an impact.
Well, I think that the most important skill in a data scientist is
curiosity and the ability to go and find
your own answers when they're not immediately evident.
I think that people who come in with the Udacity training are already really
demonstrating that because you're unafraid to go and teach yourself something new.
Take the leap forward with Udacity in collaboration with industry leaders.
Take your career to the next level.
There's no better time than now.